Matthew's Use Case with Additional Comments From Ahmed

Matthew advertises on facebook saying that he is teaching Computer science
courses for UVic students in first year. (We can't help until this stage because
there are already a lot of websites advertising for finding tutors locally and
they work decently, if Matthew isn't using them already, then he probably
doesn't want to use them... Advertising directly on a facebook page is more
effective than waiting for a student to come to you. However that doesn't mean
schedulearn can't fit in to what his post is saying. This is what his post is
saying:

  If anybody is looking for a computer science tutor in 1st year courses. PM me.
  $20/hour

What if it said the following?

  If anybody is looking for help in Computer Science in 1st year courses, you
  can book lessons with me on Schedulearn:
  https://www.schedulearn.com/profile/<tutors-long-id>/, 20$ an hour.

It's a good question to ask, then, that what does the profile page hold? Another
question is this: If someone signs up for schedulearn, should they be able to
find Matthew's profile page through a search bar? The latter is something I find
to be a difficult question. If we do add something like that it would add
elements of sites like HelpHub and 100s of other sites like that and we need to
differentiate from them, which is why our current system of adding a tutor
through their email is a better idea than a search bar. So ultimately, we should
allow users to be able to add tutors using their email through the scheduler
page or be able to add a tutor through the unlisted profile page.

A side point, you shouldn't need to sign in to view a tutor's profile page. In
the navbar, we should show the sign up button if they aren't logged in, and the
normal navbar tools (i.e. scheduler, profile) if they are logged in.

Profile pages needs to hold useful rhetoric to convince a student who is going
to a tutor's profile page to:

a) use schedulearn to schedule lessons as opposed to just messaging Matthew
on facebook messenger.

b) book a lesson with the tutor in the first place, thus we need to minimize
clutter in the profile page and make sure the page doesn't intimidate the
students.


Profile Page should contain the following elements:

- Tutor's name
- Tutor bio
- Tutor's skills (sort of like "tags", e.g Java, Calculus 2, Python)
- Tutor Rating (from his students)
- Reviews of Tutors
- Tutor's schedule (availability timings etc.)

We should also have a button on the person's profile page: "Schedule a lesson"

If users who aren't signed in click on this, then they'll be asked to sign up,
and afterwards will be redirected to scheduler and ready to schedule a lesson.)

Somebody contacts Matthew later on in facebook messenger saying he/she needs
help.
They both discuss a time when they are free and they finally meet. (These two
steps will be added with another step where the student will schedule lesson).
The student pays Matthew money later either by e-transfer or through cash.
(This step will be replaced with a feature we will implement.)
Either the student wants to meet on a weekly basis or bi-weekly, or sometimes
they only wanted to meet that one time.
(We will need to figure out how we can potentially implement a way to repeat
lessons like this.)
